#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
bayesian-optimization==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
catboost==0.26
    # via -r requirements.in
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
dill==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
flake8==3.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
graphviz==0.17
    # via catboost
importlib-metadata==4.8.1
    # via flake8
importlib-resources==5.2.2
    # via sweetviz
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via sweetviz
joblib==1.0.1
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   seaborn
    #   sweetviz
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
numpy==1.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bayesian-optimization
    #   catboost
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   sweetviz
    #   xgboost
pandas==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   seaborn
    #   sweetviz
plotly==5.3.1
    # via catboost
pyarrow==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via flake8
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ruamel.yaml==0.17.16
    # via -r requirements.in
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via ruamel.yaml
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bayesian-optimization
scipy==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bayesian-optimization
    #   catboost
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
    #   sweetviz
    #   xgboost
seaborn==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   cycler
    #   plotly
    #   python-dateutil
sweetviz==2.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via plotly
threadpoolctl==2.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via sweetviz
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via importlib-metadata
xgboost==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.5.1
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
